packages/config/README.md, before:

# Karr Config Documentation

Default config can be found in `src/default_config.json`.

Configuration can be overridden by either a config file, or environment variables.

Order of precedence: Env Var > Config File > Default

## Environment Variables

Any field in the default config can be set through environment variables. The field should
be specified in UPPER_CASE.

For example, the `DbConfig.port` in the default config should be written `DB_PORT`.

## Config file

The file can be either .yaml, .yml, .json5 or .json, in this order of precedence

```json
{{packages/config/src/default_config.json}}
```

## Directory structure

### src

- `config.ts`: entrypoint for config access
- `default_config.json`: all default configuration values (doesn't include database, needs
  to be defined by admin)
- `schema.ts`: Schemas and types for all config
- `static.ts`: all static config, hard coded, only change on codebase change
- `utils.ts`: helper utilities
- `test/`:All tests for config package

## Possible environment variables

- CONFIG_DIR
- CONFIG_FILE
- DB_HOST
- DB_PORT
- DB_SSL
- DB_NAME
- DB_USER
- DB_PASSWORD
- DB_PASSWORD_FILE
- API_PORT
- LOG_TIMESTAMP
- LOG_LEVEL
- ADMIN_EMAIL

Commit message:

feat(auth): setup OpenAuth (#94)
* feat(auth): try out setting up OpenAuth

Doesn’t work, needs to run from `/`

* refactor: add i18n types + small code changes

* fix: ui adjustments

* feat: better handling (#83)

* feat: add tryCatch helper function

* feat: add neverthrow + tryCatch helper

* feat: reorganise api routes for better endpoints protections

* feat: add caddy proxy to dev environment

everything can be served directly from `localhost`
API routes will be proxied to :1993 and web routes to :3000

incomplete attempt to get OpenAuth working from another root

* fix: malformed package.json

* chore: add `unstorage` patch for use with OpenAuth

* chore: add `openauth` patch

Waiting for PR [#236](https://github.com/toolbeam/openauth/pull/236) to be merged

* chore: remove unused login and signup routes

this is now managed by OpenAuth

* feat: add `APP_URL` config option + include api version in `API_BASE`

* chore: add logo to public dir

* fix: update unstorage adapter

* feat: get OpenAuth working properly

* feat: handle config errors gracefully

Now pretty printing errors for better usability and clarity for user

* chore: adjust tests to new config requirements

* ci: run on all branches

* fix(config): api base base computation

* feat: implement logout

* refactor: move `setTokens`

* feat: implement auth check on API

* chore: use unstorage fsDriver instead of memory

signing key changes on every server reload is highly irritating

* fix: correct config test

* chore: remove unused

* fix: type mismatch

* fix: locale types

packages/config/README.md, after:

# Karr Config Documentation

Default config can be found in `src/default_config.json`.

Configuration can be overridden by either a config file, or environment variables.

Order of precedence: Env Var > Config File > Default

## Environment Variables

Any field in the default config can be set through environment variables. The field should
be specified in UPPER_CASE.

For example, the `DbConfig.port` in the default config should be written `DB_PORT`.

## Config file

The file can be either .yaml, .yml, .json5 or .json, in this order of precedence

```json
{{packages/config/src/default_config.json}}
```

## Directory structure

### src

- `config.ts`: entrypoint for config access
- `default_config.json`: all default configuration values (doesn't include database, needs
  to be defined by admin)
- `schema.ts`: Schemas and types for all config
- `static.ts`: all static config, hard coded, only change on codebase change
- `utils.ts`: helper utilities
- `test/`: All tests for config package

## Possible environment variables

See root `turbo.json` for complete list.
